c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\GraZadania.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\DodajGracza.g.cs
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\WyswietlRanking.g.cs
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\ZadajPytanie.g.cs
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\GraZadania_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\GraZadania_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\bin\Debug\GraZadania.exe.config
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\bin\Debug\GraZadania.exe
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\bin\Debug\GraZadania.pdb
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\DodajGracza.baml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\WyswietlRanking.baml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\ZadajPytanie.baml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\GraZadania.g.resources
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\GraZadania.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\GraZadania.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\GraZadania.exe
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\obj\Debug\GraZadania.pdb
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GraZadania\GraZadania\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
